More specifically Bob a world tour which we are not for those great prices
with three small plastic examples two days bobbejaanland
should not be more
but the man in question goes ladies and gentlemen
the man who compromises
but that prince has but who can answer the
ask
and we have our second-best son during the debate and as an artist
tonight is now ready behind the scenes ladies and gentlemen
easy applause for our coast of japan famous
so far say what I do not do that
also be violated
most of it
thereby let us the church thereby everything is good
the number of fantastic goes that child
but we stand for profit just before the best was
The question is how to name the politicians
we would like to crown
una diving
janka card
on the coast of japan this year ends
you are married with two children there is not everyone and ask
irene and their daughter lucia
it's sad but true
already 15 percent
young people between the age of seven married on the wii can not and I must say
able to be married for seventeen years
what is your in a pan and fry to make the new stage to know the wind is
However, there is no romantic idea in Brussels when it comes to everyone there
at the women's Saturday
because of this you happen to be clear, he is clearly not injured right now and not yet
such
investors were also welcome because they are also welcome and what it is more
but I could in contrast
now your child is sick
the medical industry that crisis in the church in the ring in the best individual
but what do you do then
I am me with the big elephant 3
almelo
yes yes that is elephants
he refers to the knock d
like a house of cards the fertilization
there is still tax to be levied
you're here tonight for the arts that comes out to print probably
must go somewhere else
Young don't ask for anything yet what do you have to do so hard about this choice
what is that for you now also can become the king that promises I say
have the teachers team that was the legal task to save the
inactivity the other not
I could only have become one in the detention center in the village centers
language then that cannot escape that the church does not evade and everyone that this
year a lot easier
you have to be with all the people who are not crazy ma who is still on the highest set
makes that bodul posted
I have two years in the Eredivisie further there is easier than a little less
only what is the sun through
even then it is possible
Wednesday
tomorrow Wednesday
thank you
You are you about the issue that it is about nobody breaking anything
the first show
the first test drive thereby Koppejan country I was good was there should hold
Not that we thought the sales were in Japan
two days bobby hold two questions for two days kopejan
If you think the answer to the question does not run then I only knew one
toppertje we know you are part of uden
the blow test hit the head
it seems that you are not precise but if you feel like it in September
that stated that the death toll continued to rise
how could it be otherwise
happy then below
I am confident that I also have you under the age of 23
two days before diamond also a concentration on full concentration
box that statistics
because of the costs
okay okay
if you also have families he comes with a full transfer of students from in
a ford scorpio round
concert steps
the doubt isn't it or that in his footsteps on the rebound of
or on stage
Grouse 7 mua through a tree
The Netherlands
good concert enter banjo the first question is about contraception you know that
I only have the official one
the students have too long for everyone who has submitted
the reason is that employees
tian
he is therefore also focused on the bank
hitting the line two days in Bobbejaanland
feyenoord is the first question on contraception, listen carefully
started in the sixties
first came the contraceptives on the piano barbecue
as a player you have to abandon
high demand is of course much faster at a recovery and a blow
concentrate only
in the early 1960s at the center of the market for us
one of the inventions pass the peyrol and can now make it
the wood owl
garate per year but it is expensive
the question is then natural
after all, the question is in two days for you who is the inventor of the images
the hague pitch
get it try again I could go in half an hour
by giving more options
gert jan peter balkenende about the following question for intermunicipal country
is therefore good on the stock exchanges on Thursday
talk to the Dutchman
no
contraception to the police
missed opportunity
for the impression you keep on you this is more important
full concentration of euros
He is just by keeping a diary keeping track of who is the inventor today could donor
Hoera
this afternoon if there were better salaries
so unfortunately
who becomes their cell phone
x is set but of course Dutch students are also included in this quiz
johan is trying the harbor we have the young set the bar
already
that has a the workman the Brabant newspaper